ready paradise fears last breath test
jump
with the director
Oh
yeah all right careful you got the storm
beneath you
haha not that bad
it's not that
uh are we doing there right hello this
rock is really slimy ya can't get a good
grip to get out somehow hands a little
path over there or you could go try over
there your section stuff slipping man
either I'm just weak or these rocks are
slimy you have Towe whale hello anything
for me ah what if a Giant's hand grabbed
you from I just wanna I'm going over
there going over there see this this is
the this is a loser's road will take
that where are they probably got lost
and see the ground what if they're any
animals in here
oh I'm so tired oh wait here they come
it'd be awesome it's very successful